Here's the answer.
At level 0,
we have 1 node in the tree and
iterative deepening has
only visited 1 node.
At level 1 we now have
4 nodes in the tree.
Iterative deepening will have visited 5,
the 4 nodes in the tree now and
one node from the previous level.
At level 2,
we now have 13 nodes in the tree and
iterative deepening
will have visited 18.
13 from this tree plus the 5
from the previous time.
At level three we have 40 nodes
in the tree plus 18 makes 58 nodes
visited binder of deepening.
Finally, at level 4 we have
121 nodes in the tree,
iterative deepening
we'll be visiting 179.
Which is actually less than one and
a half times the number
of nodes in the tree.
Remember that before when
the [INAUDIBLE] factor of 2,
we had 2 to the d + 1
minus 1 nodes in the tree.
Now with the project factor of three,
we have 3 to the d + 1 minus
1 over 2 nodes in the tree.
Let's go ahead and generalize this.
For a project factor of k, the formulas
K to the d + 1- 1 over K- 1 for
the number of nodes in the tree.